Extend n3fit and vp to deal with two different initial state distributions (#2110)
NNPDF/nnpdf: doc/sphinx/source/tutorials/polarized_fits.rst

deviation to be applied to the PDF central values. If ``n_std=0.0`` then the
PDF central values will be used to constrain their polarized counterparts.

.. note::

   This will also be the PDF set to be used to compute observable predictions
   during the fit.

> Instead, the unpolarized PDF set to be used to compute observable predictions during
> data vs. theory comparisons or :math:`\chi^2` computations need to be specified under
> the ``datacuts`` entry:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead, the unpolarized PDF set to be used to compute the `t0` covariance matrix need to be specified under the ``datacuts`` entry:
```

Note that you can also do `unpolarized_bc` in the outer namespace and let everything use it. The important point is that every polarized pdf (doesn't matter what is it used for) needs to have an `unpolarized_bc` associated in the validphys runcard.

.. code-block:: yaml

>   # Define the unpolarized PDF set to be used to compute predictions with validphys actions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This is just for t0

Author: Ah yes, that's right!

  ...
  datacuts:
    t0pdfset: NNPDFpol11_100   # PDF set to generate t0 covmat
    unpolarized_bc: NNPDF40_nnlo_pch_as_01180
    q2min: 1.00                # Q2 minimum
    w2min: 4.00                # W2 minimum
  ...

And if a theory covariance matrix is included in the fit
(see :ref:`how to include a theory covariance matrix in a fit <_thcov_tutorial>`
for more details), then the unpolarized PDF set also needs to be specified in the

> ``theorycovmatconfig``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``theorycovmatconfig`` together with the polarized PDF to be used:
```
